README.md, before:

# Entertainment web app - Frontend Mentor

This is a solution to the [Entertainment web app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/entertainment-web-app-J-UhgAW1X). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic project.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Navigate between Home, Movies, TV Series, and Bookmarked Shows pages
- Add/Remove bookmarks from all movies and TV series
- Search for relevant shows on all pages
- **Bonus**: Build this project as a full-stack application
- **Bonus**: If you're building a full-stack app, we provide authentication screen (sign-up/login) designs if you'd like to create an auth flow

### Screenshot

![](./screenshots/screenshot.png)


### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - JS With Syntax For Types
- [Next.js 13](https://nextjs.org/) - The React Framework for the Web
- [App Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/) - The new Next.js router released in Next.js version 13
- [PostCSS](https://postcss.org/) - A tool for transforming CSS with JS
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - A utility-first CSS framework
- [Redux](https://redux.js.org/) - A Predictable State Container for JS Apps
- [Redux Toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/) - Toolset for efficient Redux development
- [SVGR](https://react-svgr.com/) - Transforms SVGs into React components


### What I learned

I didn't know anything about Next 13 and App Router, I learned both while building this project and learned to use SVGs and images better with Next.js

## Author

- Github - [@Artin-GH](https://github.com/Artin-GH/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@Artin-GH](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Artin-GH/)
- Telegram - [@RTn_GH](https://t.me/RTn_GH/)

Commit message:

Add live site url and frontend mentor solution links to README.md

README.md, after:

# Entertainment web app - Frontend Mentor

This is a solution to the [Entertainment web app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/entertainment-web-app-J-UhgAW1X). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic project.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Navigate between Home, Movies, TV Series, and Bookmarked Shows pages
- Add/Remove bookmarks from all movies and TV series
- Search for relevant shows on all pages
- **Bonus**: Build this project as a full-stack application
- **Bonus**: If you're building a full-stack app, we provide authentication screen (sign-up/login) designs if you'd like to create an auth flow

### Screenshot

![](./screenshots/screenshot.png)


### Links

- Solution URL: [On Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/entertainment-app-with-next13-ts-postcss-tailwind-and-redux-toolkit-lS5lqG0dJS)
- Live Site URL: [Hosted on Vercel](https://entertainment-webapp-red.vercel.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - JS With Syntax For Types
- [Next.js 13](https://nextjs.org/) - The React Framework for the Web
- [App Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/) - The new Next.js router released in Next.js version 13
- [PostCSS](https://postcss.org/) - A tool for transforming CSS with JS
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - A utility-first CSS framework
- [Redux](https://redux.js.org/) - A Predictable State Container for JS Apps
- [Redux Toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/) - Toolset for efficient Redux development
- [SVGR](https://react-svgr.com/) - Transforms SVGs into React components


### What I learned

I didn't know anything about Next 13 and App Router, I learned both while building this project and learned to use SVGs and images better with Next.js

## Author

- Github - [@Artin-GH](https://github.com/Artin-GH/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@Artin-GH](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Artin-GH/)
- Telegram - [@RTn_GH](https://t.me/RTn_GH/)
